# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5017u // Situation Briefing
**SITUATION**
Over the last 3 years real-time, **Verradora-7** has been slowly brought into the Union fold. Work has been slow as, due to a failed interstellar war with **Verradora-2** [~~see NDL-C-DEEP-STATION//377308ad-ba23-410b-ae37-68a1fb5f8db4 for further details~~ Access Restricted], the once united planetary government of **Verradora-7** has long since splintered back into disparate city-states. One of the final city-states holding out from joining Union is **Tolamor**, the former Planetary Capital, a borderline-fascist Absolute-Monarchy said to descend from the previous Planetary Governor. While Union is showing it's trademark optimism on the situation, neighbouring states are less confident in a bloodless end to negotiations, and even Union's planetside forces are positioned for a potential siege situation.
We have recieved and confirmed a wetwork contract from █████, fearing the failure of Union's negotiations will lead to drastic response from Tolamor.

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.29.5017u // Mission Briefing
**MISSION**
MSMC FIELD TEAM 809 TO INFILTRATE TOLAMOR, REMOVE CURRENT HEAD OF STATE **DRAGOMIR CIALELLA**, HENCEFORTH REFERED TO UNDER CODENAME **[LAMPROPELTINI]**. 
EXTRACTION WILL BE AVAILABLE IN LOW ORBIT FOR FIVE (5) DAYS FOLLOWING BEGINNING OF OPERATION.

**EXECUTION**
Command has identified an abandoned maintenance depot as a potential ingress point to planetary rail-tunnels, built to fuel previous attempts at interstellar war. 
Operatives are to traverse these tunnels into the city proper, where they will set up communications with a contact established inside the city. Contact will activate after recieving code **"Juliett-Alpha-Whiskey"**, and then provide a method of accessing the Capitol Palace. 
Command has concluded that an orbital infiltration and assault will provide ample opportunity for both ingress to the Palace, confirmation of execution of **[LAMPROPELTINI]** and egress to the Spaceport, as Tolamor are not militarized during this time of negotiations.


# MSMC Shuttle Carrier // 3.02.5017u
**LOGISTICS**
MSMC Field Team 809 to be provided with the following-
1. Atmospheric Entry Ballutes
2. Enhanced Radiation Protection - [Is this really necessary? - GW] [If half of what they said about NDL-C-DEEP-STATION is correct, those tunnels could be totally irradiated. I could put any frame back together, and even perform a field-medic role for the right price, but I'm neither qualified, nor is the budget set, to spend weeks cutting tumours out of our new heavy hitters - DT]
3. Mark-VII Transmission Equipment with Rad-Shielding
4. Triton-6 Type-II Basic Weapon Replacement Container - 2x GMS Assault Rifles, 2x GMS Pistol, 3x GMS Tactical Knife [OSP is for super soldiers in bodysuits, me and mine pack spares when going behind enemy lines. - GW]

- MSMC Quarter Master Sergeant, Daisy Takkson





