Of all the difficulties concerning differing linguistics that arose in the reintegration of Ymir, the language of business had fortunately remained ever-constant. So when unofficial channels made contact with the Daedalus Collective in the form of a discrete offworld business venture, itself the outer layer of a practiced bureaucratic labyrinth leading all the way back to the Smith-Shimano Corporation, it was simple enough to establish an immediate fair trade. Material for material: access to the galaxy's cutting-edge hardware and research initiatives with future promise of further investment and a growing business relationship, and in return, one second-generation Génératrice unit, clean from the 'production line', neural map intact, consciousness initialisation conveniently delayed.

Thus did MEURSAULT-XPT1's chassis, yet to have life breathed into it, find itself smuggled through logistics channels and exploit an untold number of stock headaches before finding itself in the hands of Exotic Materials, and after a comfortable number of tests and studies, the Génératrice awoke to a steady orientation in Constellar Security Internal Affairs.

She is, strict regulations and high expectations aside, still wont to wanderlust, as all Génératrices inevitably find themselves drawn to. Thus did her evenings of gathering informations at bars lead her to conveniently ignore advice against drinking alongside your target, and many reports condemning those out of line to the whims of an unfortunate reassessment of necessary corporation assets were written through scathing hangovers. However, even with rehearsed subtlety and further independent agent fieldwork comfortably under her belt ere long, MEURSAULT found the naggings in the back of her consciousness too strong. Expected from a songbird in a cage, unseen by senior officers and handlers.

She awakened for the first time in her life when she calmly apologised, shot her handler between the eyes, and made a break for it.